c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\calleCerradApp.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\calleCerradApp.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\Bin\Debug\calleCerradApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\calleCerradApp.g.resources
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\calleCerradApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\calleCerradApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\calleCerradApp.dll
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\calleCerradApp.pdb
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\LocalXMLDealingPage.g.cs
c:\users\jorge\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\calleCerradApp\calleCerradApp\obj\Debug\mapa.g.cs
